README.md, before:


![alt text](https://github.com/marcrowProject/Bramble/blob/master/result/logo.gif)
   
# :seedling: Bramble a new hacking Open source suite.
## :scroll: Summary
 Bramble software has been designed for the bramble project. It incorporates many features
of pentesting and IT Security. It's easy to use and completely editable. It allows 
beginners to learn hacking and gives more experienced users a customisable plug and 
play hacking tools so they can add their own code quickly. 

## :clubs: Contribute
 Bramble is an open source project to which you can contribute ! If you develop some 
features, don't be shy and share it with us. We will work together in order to implement
it in the platform.


## :mag: How it works
 Bramble is based mainly on C++. But you can adding easily some code using another language. If you 
don't like C++ (that would be a mistake ^^) it doesn't really matter because i offer some templates 
to help you and to save your time. 
I try to put lots of comments in my code and i add some links to online classes/articles 
to have a better understanding of how the code works.
Finally for each features i wrote a help file to give you informations about how to use it 
step by step.

## :books: Menu
###  :mortar_board: _Actually work :_
         
         0. Cryptography
            -Encrypt file
            -Decrypt file
         1. Steganography
            -Hide a file in a file
            -Get an hidden file
         2. Forensic Tools
            -Restore all deleted files
            -Restore specific type of files
            -Erase permently a file/folder
         3. Wifi jammer/deauther
            -Scan access point
            -Scan networks
            -Deauth all users from a network
            -Deauth one user
         4. Evil twin
            -Fluxion custom version for bramble
         5. Key cloner
            -Copy an usb storage to another usb key
            -Copy an usb storage to internal storage
            -Copy only some types of files
         6. Bruteforce
            -ssh
         7. Tools
            -Erase permently a file/folder
            -Password generator from file
            -Scan a network
            -Change mac adress
         8. Option
            -Unmount an usb device
            -Display ip adress

###  :hourglass_flowing_sand: _Coming soon :_
         7. Wifi Attack
            -Wps attack
            -Bruteforce attack
         8. Fake access point
            -Sniffing
            -Phishing ?
         9. Sniffer
            -Password sniffer
            -Website sniffer
            -Custom sniffer
         10. Network backdoor
         11. Bruteforce
            -zip
            -telnet

## :globe_with_meridians: Requirements
 As of today, this software works only on the bramble enivronment.
It may become compatible with others devices powered by kali linux.

##  :thumbsup: Credits
 Fluxion 
## :white_square_button: Screenshots



![alt text](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/37142652/37241895-edb24fba-2460-11e8-8985-312442e1ac6d.gif)

Commit message:

add arp_scanner in currently work

README.md, after:


![alt text](https://github.com/marcrowProject/Bramble/blob/master/result/logo.gif)
   
# :seedling: Bramble a new hacking Open source suite.
## :scroll: Summary
 Bramble software has been designed for the bramble project. It incorporates many features
of pentesting and IT Security. It's easy to use and completely editable. It allows 
beginners to learn hacking and gives more experienced users a customisable plug and 
play hacking tools so they can add their own code quickly. 

## :clubs: Contribute
 Bramble is an open source project to which you can contribute ! If you develop some 
features, don't be shy and share it with us. We will work together in order to implement
it in the platform.


## :mag: How it works
 Bramble is based mainly on C++. But you can adding easily some code using another language. If you 
don't like C++ (that would be a mistake ^^) it doesn't really matter because i offer some templates 
to help you and to save your time. 
I try to put lots of comments in my code and i add some links to online classes/articles 
to have a better understanding of how the code works.
Finally for each features i wrote a help file to give you informations about how to use it 
step by step.

## :books: Menu
###  :mortar_board: _Currently work :_
         
         0. Cryptography
            -Encrypt file
            -Decrypt file
         1. Steganography
            -Hide a file in a file
            -Get an hidden file
         2. Forensic Tools
            -Restore all deleted files
            -Restore specific type of files
            -Erase permently a file/folder
         3. Wifi jammer/deauther
            -Scan access point
            -Scan networks
            -Deauth all users from a network
            -Deauth one user
         4. Evil twin
            -Fluxion custom version for bramble
         5. Key cloner
            -Copy an usb storage to another usb key
            -Copy an usb storage to internal storage
            -Copy only some types of files
         6. Bruteforce
            -ssh
         7. Tools
            -Erase permently a file/folder
            -Password generator from file
            -Scan a network
            -ARP scanner
            -Change mac adress
         8. Option
            -Unmount an usb device
            -Display ip adress

###  :hourglass_flowing_sand: _Coming soon :_
         7. Wifi Attack
            -Wps attack
            -Bruteforce attack
         8. Fake access point
            -Sniffing
            -Phishing ?
         9. Sniffer
            -Password sniffer
            -Website sniffer
            -Custom sniffer
         10. Network backdoor
         11. Bruteforce
            -zip (for the moment too slow)

## :globe_with_meridians: Requirements
 As of today, this software works only on the bramble enivronment.
It may become compatible with others devices powered by kali linux.

##  :thumbsup: Credits
 Fluxion 
## :white_square_button: Screenshots



![alt text](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/37142652/37241895-edb24fba-2460-11e8-8985-312442e1ac6d.gif)
